Update database back and restore procedures using smdba (#3348)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Update database back and restore procedures using smdba

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated database backup and restore procedures using smdba  in Administration
  Guide
```
